BookB-Pset_GeoScienceFeatureTypeDiscontinuity (#616)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Shared element data schemas/Schemas/IfcSharedInfrastructureElements/PropertySets/Pset_GeoScienceFeatureTypeDiscontinuity/Documentation.md

> Properties of discontinuities or discontiuity sets in rock according to ISO EN 14689.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties of discontinuities or discontinuity sets in rock.
>NOTE according to ISO EN 14689
```
